Stop it!
Eve!
Why don't you try
the most delicious
fruit in paradise?
It's an apple!
Try it!
No!
Don't touch it.
- Why not?
- It's forbidden.
Here.
This is more beautiful.
Don't listen to him!
But I'm hungry.
You can't eat the fruit of that tree.
Here.
Eat this.
The apple tastes better!
That's why it's forbidden!
Don't listen to him.
Let's go.
Don't go!
The apple is red...
Sweet...
Delicious!
Eve!
Follow me. Eve!
Come and eat the apple!
Adam can't see you!
What are you waiting for?
Try the forbidden fruit!
You'll see. you'll like it!
Do it!
The forbidden fruit?
Forbidden by who?
And how do you know?
And if it's forbidden. why do
you keep telling me to eat it?
Let go of me!
I was only looking!
Can't I even look at
the forbidden fruit?
Answer me!
Are we forbidden
even to look at it?!
Tell me!
No.
Then I'm going to look at it.
If you eat it.
your life will change.
That's enough.
Come on. let's go.
Where?
To take another dip in the pool?
To watch another sunset?
And then?
Then what?
I don't understand you.
I can't explain.
Every day here is the same.
Nothing ever happens.
What do you want to happen?
I don't know.
Something different.
something exciting.
Don't you feel
like you need it?
Why? I'm happy with
the way things are.
Oh. yes? Well. I'm not!
Eve!
Don't eat it!
But it's only an apple.
No. don't eat it.
It's nice.
Try it. It's sweet!
If you eat it.
your life will change.
What's happening?!
I don't know.
Help!
I'm coming!
Give me your hand!
Come on!
That's it!
That's right!
Come on!
Keep going!
Don't stop!
What is it?
Come on. let's get out of here!
Run!
Jump!
Come on.
Are you okay?
Where do you think
we've ended up?
How will we get out of here?
Answer me!
Follow me!
Wait!
No. don't look at me.
I said don't look at me!
There's nothing left.
Nothing!
I'm tired.
When are we going to stop?
I don't know.
Let's stop. I'm cold.
Why doesn't the sun warm us?
We've lost its warmth.
Thanks to you. we'll
never feel it again.
But without the sun there
won't be any more trees
or food or fruit.
I hope for our sake that you
don't find any more fruit.
Get moving.
We need to find shelter
for the night or we'll die.
Why? Aren't we already dead?
This isn't death.
This is a punishment.
A punishment?
So that means it'll end
and we can go back!
And I swear I'll be
good and obedient.
Don't go!
Wait for me!
Don't always be so angry!
What are these?
Hey!
Look what I've found!
Look out!
Come and eat.
We can't!
The animals do.
What is it?
There's somebody there!
Where?
Up there. behind those rocks.
Ah. it's probably just an animal.
It wasn't an animal!
What else could it have been?
- It was a man!
- Aman?
What are you talking about?
I'm telling you it
wasn't an animal!
You're mistaken.
We're the only ones here.
Come on. let's go.
So there wasn't anybody. eh?
Where did they come from?
I told you there was
somebody there.
but you never believe me!
Try to run away.
Where am I supposed to go?
There are so many of them!
Try anyway!
Go!
What are you looking at?
They're getting closer...
What do you want?!
They don't understand us.
Do something!
I don't want them to touch me!
Get off me!
Don't touch me!
- Are you okay?
- Can't you tell?
I told you to run for it.
All you do is criticize me.
You never say anything nice.
I love you!
Finally!
But does this really
seem like the time?
I'm ready to forgive
you for everything.
To die for you.
Or to live together
with you forever!
What?
Together?
Forever?
And who'll give the orders?
Who do you think?
Me. of course!
ow!
Do you think they want to eat us?
Maybe they're not
as nasty as they look.
Stop touching me!
Get your hands off me!
Stop it!
They want to kill me. Help!
They just want to see
how you're made.
No!
They're scared of that creature.
They're scared of us now.
Let's get out of here.
I want to stop.
- We need to get to the sea.
- Why to the sea?!
Because the sea is where life begins.
And we need to start over.
Maybe there isn't a sea here.
Maybe it only
existed up there.
Did you hear what I said?
Hey. are you listening to me?!
No. what did you say?
See? You never listen to me!
I said that there's
no sea around here.
It doesn't exist.
It must exist.
Look.
The birds will lead us to the sea.
Oh. really?
And how do you know?
Because I know.
Sure. like the sun that doesn't warm
the empty land. the--
So where do you want to go?
Somewhere beautiful
and calm.
Not too cold and not too hot.
Where there are trees.
Where there's fruit to eat
and where the animals are friendly.
We were in a place like that.
but thanks to you...
That again?! You said
you'd forgiven me!
Of course I've forgiven you.
But I've never forgiven myself for
letting you persuade me to follow you.
I was wrong.
And now it's you
who must follow me.
Well. I'm not coming with you!
Look. more birds.
all going in the same direction.
They're going towards the forest.
towards the desert!
Maybe.
But after crossing the
forest and the desert.
we'll reach the sea.
But if we go this way the trees
will shade us from the sun.
No. that's the way we need to go.
The sea is that way.
You're always so stubborn!
You go that way.
I'm staying here!
Where are you going?
Come back here!
I want to find out what
I can see from up here.
Where are you?
Come down right now!
No!
You'll hurt yourself.
Go follow your birds.
I'm not coming!
Oh. yes?
If you don't come down
right now. I'm leaving!
Go! I'll be fine without you.
We'll see about that.
I'm going.
Let go of me!
Who are you?!
What do you want from me?
Put me down!
Let go of me!
Don't touch me!
No!
Help me. green man!
My friend!
Let go of me!
No!
Finally. water!
Now I can wash off this
horrible green stuff!
Why don't you wash. too?
The water washes everything away.
Look!
Do what I'm doing.
Come on. do it!
Come on! Hurry up!
You'll see. you'll be much more
handsome afterwards!
Come on!
Jump in.
That's the way!
Good work!
That's it!
See?
No! No!
Let go of me!
No!
- Don't touch her.
- Oh. no!
I told you not to touch her!
No!
Let go of me.
Are you tired?
You're angry.
But I'm happy.
Very happy.
Because now I know
that you love me.
You came back for me!
You fought for me.
You were wonderful!
And what have you
been doing all this time?
What have I been doing?
Realizing that I loved you.
Ah. really?
Who made you realize it?
That other man?
He didn't mean anything!
Nothing at all.
Is that staff for me?
Maybe.
Do you want to learn to use it?
Did you see how he killed the bear?
I want to be with you.
But with others as well.
- Others?
- I saw them together.
They help each other.
They defend each other!
When I saw you
with that other man.
it made me feel bad.
Bad how?
I don't know.
Bad inside.
Jealous?
Yes.
I wanted you to die.
But then I came to save you.
What's the matter?
Nothing. I'm fine.
Shall we go?
Mm-hmm.
Come on.
What are you doing?
I'm making a staff.
Another one?
Yes. I lost the old one.
This one's even better.
And what are you doing?
I'm making a cub.
A cub?!
Like the animals?
- Yes! Like the animals!
That's impossible.
Why don't you believe me?
Hurry up. woman.
it's getting late!
It's your loss if
you don't believe me!
Goodbye!
Oh no. not again!
Where do you think
you're going?
Hey! Come back here!
I refuse to come with you
unless you stop treating
me like your staff!
What are you talking about?
Come on. come back here!
One time I try to do
something by myself
and you don't believe me!
I don't understand what you want!
If this is the way it's going to be.
there's no point us being together!
Careful where you walk.
you might fall!
I know what I'm doing--
I told you!
It's all your fault.
Why are you so angry?
I'm cold and tired.
And I'm making a cub.
What kind of cub?
A cub who looks like you.
- Like me?
- Or maybe like me.
Really?
A cub like me?
Mm-hmm.
Hey...
Hey. wake up!
Come on. let's go.
Where?
Come with me.
I've found a tunnel.
What tunnel?
It should bring us out on
the other side of the mountain.
Maybe this time we'll find the sea.
Where are we?
What do we do?
I don't know.
Go away!
Go on. go away!
You nasty beasts!
Go on!
Get out of here!
It's over.
Take it easy. it's over.
Is this your sea?
I can't go on!
I can't take any more!
You need to get up.
We need to build a shelter.
Come with me.
I didn't find anything.
But I'm hungry.
Don't you understand
that I'm hungry?!
We must have faith.
We can't give up now after
all we've been through.
What faith?
It's over!
Don't give up.
You were right.
We can't stop.
We must go on.
Come on. get up.
- No.
- Let's go.
We have to stop here.
Why?
I can't explain why.
But I feel that our journey is over.
What about the sea?
The sea is here.
It's beneath us.
We need to wait.
The cold will end.
The ice will melt.
And how will we survive?
I don't know.
but something will happen.
We must have faith.
Does it hurt?
Y-yes...
Unfortunately. you have to suffer.
Why?
- Because you have to.
- But I don't want to!
We need to get to the sea.
Why to the sea?
Because the sea is where life begins.
And we need to start over.